Hey how's it going Dave 2d here so
Walmart is selling some new gaming
laptops under their Opie gaming brand it
stands for overpowered gaming and on
paper it looks reasonably appealing
right you got these thousand dollar
gaming laptops they have in video cards
in them they have fast screens in a not
super thick chassis so I think a lot of
people are looking these like hey these
are these are good they're not at least
not the base model so let me explain
this particular laptop is made by a
Chinese company called Tong Fang and
they make these bare-bones chassis is
that a whole bunch of other companies
will resell and they'll put different
hardware into them so origin PC has some
electronics haslam they're all exactly
the same laptop they're just stuffing
with different things inside Walmart
they're selling a configuration that
just should not exist on the market
it's a gtx 1050 a 2 gigabyte gtx 1050
with a 144 Hertz screen just to put this
in perspective very few games be able to
hit good frame rates on this laptop you
can lower the quality you can lower the
resolution but at the end of the day
you're still dealing with a very
underpowered video card so my
recommendation is if you're interested
in this particular laptop you look
elsewhere because there's definitely
some better options out there and I'll
put some in the description below but
that's just the quick version of this
video if you're like at the store and
you're interested in this laptop and you
googled it and you found this video I
just saved you thousand dollars look at
the description but if you want to know
the details of why this is not a good
choice here we go
okay this laptop the best part of it is
the screen it's a 144 Hertz panel looks
really good games look really smooth on
it but in order to showcase the screen
properly you need a powerful video card
and that $9.99 base model at Walmart
does not have a good video card if
you're gonna purchase this particular
chassis or this particular laptop you
need to have a fast video card a minimum
of a GTX 1060 but a faster card would be
ideal now the next thing on this laptop
that makes it kind of unique is the
keyboard and it's a mechanical keyboard
and Walmart lists this feature pretty
prominently in the marketing materials
the thing is this keyboard is a niche
keyboard this really isn't for everyone
it's loud right it's not like a silent
keyboard and it can be pretty obnoxious
if you're using this device at home or
in libraries or at school or anything
it's certainly not a quiet keyboard
but more importantly the feel of this
keyboard is not universally loved
Walmart is a store that should be
selling products to a more wider
audience right like a very broad
audience and this is such a niche
keyword in such a niche laptop that I
feel like it's the wrong device for them
to be selling in their retail stores
Taleo it's also a little bit weird like
the arrow keys and the number pad all
kind of blend together the trackpad is
fine it uses Windows precision drivers
but the keyboards just a little too nice
I don't think they should be selling
this kind of keyboard at a store like
Walmart okay if you want to see like a
full review of this I've done a full
review of this particular chassis before
on my channel I'll link it down below
but I want to talk about a more broader
problem with this particular laptop it's
the customer service so any company that
sells this Tong Fang chassis is normally
a boutique laptop company they'll take
the products they'll kind of customize
it you can get your own thermal pace you
get your own hard drive like your
specific brand of memory they will tweak
it to your heart's content and then sell
it to you which is great that's not what
Walmart's doing they're buying these
things marketing they'll bump just
enough so they're making some good
profit but they're selling these things
with what I promise you will be terrible
customer support
so all those boutique companies I was
talking about before they give you great
customer support that's how these things
sell this laptops sold at Walmart under
the opie gaming brand is gonna have
trash customer support in comparison and
that's really the difference in price so
if you buy this from Walmart you're
gonna save like a hundred maybe 150
bucks and if you bought this product at
a boutique company you'll have spent
more but the customer support is gonna
be way better like so much better that
it just it just doesn't make sense to be
buying this thing from Walmart and their
mid to your configuration at $1400 isn't
a bad Valley like you'll get decent
frame rates on that and they'll be able
to use that screen reasonably well but
the customer support is gonna be it's
just gonna be so bad I can already see
the complaints people buying these
laptops and then going to the customer
service desk me like you know this is
wrong that's wrong and there's just not
gonna be able to help you so please do
not buy the thousand dollar or $1400
configuration of the O P gaming laptop
from Walmart please okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs we loved it see you guys next time